c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.apk
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\bin\NavigationSample.Droid.apk
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\res\values\styles.xml
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\bin\Release\NavigationSample.Droid.dll.mdb
