c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\NavigationSample.Droid.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\NavigationSample.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Users\z00h807458.RFG\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NavigationSample\NavigationSample\NavigationSample.Droid\obj\Release\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
